[Ready for review] Update RDM (#903)
alan-turing-institute/the-turing-way: book/content/rdm/rdm.md

Research Data Management (RDM) covers how research data can be stored, described and reused. Data here is used as a
generic term to encompass all digital objects. RDM is a key part in enabling reproducible research. RDM ensures
efficiency in research workflows, and also [greater reach and impact](https://the-turing-way.netlify.com/credit/credit.html). Data should be stored in multiple locations and backed-up regularly to prevent loss or data corruption. Clearly describing data using documentation and metadata ensures that others know how to access, use and re-use your data, and also enable conditions for sharing and publishing data to be outlined.

<a name="Why-useful"></a>

## What are the benefits of Research Data Management?

- Managing your data allows you to always find your data
- Storing your data properly prevents data loss 

> - [Recognition](https://the-turing-way.netlify.com/credit/credit.html) for all research outputs

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- It can help with [recognition](https://the-turing-way.netlify.com/credit/credit.html) for all research outputs
```

<a name="Metadata-identifiers"></a>

#### Metadata - community standards

The use of community-defined standards for metadata and identified is vital for high-quality, reproducible research and for the integrative analysis and comparison of heterogeneous data from multiple sources, domains and disciplines. 

You can use [FAIRsharing](https://fairsharing.org) to identify community-defined standards for metadata and/or identifier schemas, databases or repositories that exist for your data and discipline. You can document these standards and repositories in your data management plan so that you can easily find and use them in your research. 
<a name="Storage-backup"></a>

### Storage and backup

Data loss can be catastrophic for your research project. You can prevent data loss by picking suitable storage solutions and backing your data up frequently.

<a name="Where-store"></a>

#### Where to store data

> - Most institutions will provide a _network drive_ that you can use to store data, which is generally automatically backed up.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Most institutions will provide a _network drive_ that you can use to store data, and this is usually backed-up automatically by the institution.
```

- Be consistent
- Write dates as YYYY-MM-DD

> - Don't leave any cells empty, if there is no data use NA (Not Available)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Don't leave any cells empty, if there is no data use "NA" (Not Available)
```
